README.md, before:


<img src="https://mkitt.net/apple-touch-icon.png" width="80px" height="80px" />

# tabline.vim

Configure tab labels within Terminal Vim with a very succinct output.

![Tabline Screenshot](https://raw.github.com/mkitt/tabline.vim/master/screenshots/tabline.png)

- Tab number
- Filename (basename only)
- [+] if the current buffer has been modified

Tabs in this case, refer to Vim Tabs and not the Terminal.app tabs.

Based on settings found from [offensive
thinking](http://www.offensivethinking.org/data/dotfiles/vimrc).

## Installation
If you don't have a preferred installation method, I recommend
installing [pathogen.vim](https://github.com/tpope/vim-pathogen), and
then simply copy and paste:

```
cd ~/.vim/bundle
git clone git://github.com/mkitt/tabline.vim.git
```

## Configuration
Currently there are no configuration variables to define, you either
rock it or you don't. This may change at some point in the future.

Make sure to set the following settings within your color theme: 

```
hi TabLine      ctermfg=Black  ctermbg=Green     cterm=NONE
hi TabLineFill  ctermfg=Black  ctermbg=Green     cterm=NONE
hi TabLineSel   ctermfg=White  ctermbg=DarkBlue  cterm=NONE
```

To enable the close button in the upper right corner, add the following to your `~/.vimrc`
```
let g:tablineclosebutton=1
```


[mkitt.net][mkitt.net] | [github/mkitt][github]

[github]: https://github.com/mkitt "@mkitt"
[mkitt.net]: https://mkitt.net "🏔"

Commit message:

Update README.md, indicator for multipel windows, nerdtree and quickfix

README.md, after:


<img src="https://mkitt.net/apple-touch-icon.png" width="80px" height="80px" />

# tabline.vim

Configure tab labels within Terminal Vim with a very succinct output.

![Tabline Screenshot](https://raw.github.com/mkitt/tabline.vim/master/screenshots/tabline.png)

- Tab number
- Filename (basename only)
- [+] if the current buffer has been modified
- If multiple windows exist in a tab, tabline will be shown with {##} which # indicates a window. So, ## means two windows.
- If Nerdtree is open in a tab, tabline will be shown with {N#} which `N` indicates a Nerdtree.
- If Quickfix is open in a tab, tabline will be shown with {Q#} which `Q` indicates a quickfix.

Tabs in this case, refer to Vim Tabs and not the Terminal.app tabs.

Based on settings found from [offensive
thinking](http://www.offensivethinking.org/data/dotfiles/vimrc).

## Installation
If you don't have a preferred installation method, I recommend
installing [pathogen.vim](https://github.com/tpope/vim-pathogen), and
then simply copy and paste:

```
cd ~/.vim/bundle
git clone git://github.com/mkitt/tabline.vim.git
```

## Configuration
Currently there are no configuration variables to define, you either
rock it or you don't. This may change at some point in the future.

Make sure to set the following settings within your color theme:

```
hi TabLine      ctermfg=Black  ctermbg=Green     cterm=NONE
hi TabLineFill  ctermfg=Black  ctermbg=Green     cterm=NONE
hi TabLineSel   ctermfg=White  ctermbg=DarkBlue  cterm=NONE
```

To enable the close button in the upper right corner, add the following to your `~/.vimrc`
```
let g:tablineclosebutton=1
```




[mkitt.net][mkitt.net] | [github/mkitt][github]

[github]: https://github.com/mkitt "@mkitt"
[mkitt.net]: https://mkitt.net "🏔"
